Docs: New how-to sublevels (Diátaxis) (#10131)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/guides/best-practice/index.rst

> How-to guides: best practice
> ============================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How-to guides: best practices
=============================
```

> Over the years,
> we have become familiar with a number of methods that work well and which we consider **best practice**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These guides share best practices that we've learned for managing documentation.
If you need ideas for how to get started in various areas of documentation,
this is a great place.
```

Author: Can you update the suggestion? I can't quite make out what the intention was with the change.

Reviewer: Not hugely important, just trying to clarify what the content is a bit more. But it's not my best writing, for sure.

> ⏩️ :doc:`Best practices for linking to your documentation </automatic-redirects>`

Reviewer: This is still really weird that this is the title of our automatic redirects page. Definitely something odd there.

Author: Do you want an explanation or are you saying that it'd be nice to have it fixed because it's getting too strange? :)

I've moved it now. There are more file names that are misleading, I think we need to deal with this separately.

Reviewer: I think it's just debt we need to fix. I don't think the automatic redirects page should talk about linking to your docs, but instead mention automatic redirects?

    Documentation changes over time,
    and links and cross-references can become challenging manage for various reasons.
    Here is a set of best practices explaining and addressing these challenges.

⏩️ :doc:`Deprecating content </guides/deprecating-content>`
    Best practice for removing or deprecating documentation content.

> ⏩️ :doc:`Create reproducible builds </guides/reproducible-builds>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⏩️ :doc:`Creating reproducible builds </guides/reproducible-builds>`
```

We should choose a tense and stick to it.

Author: Agreed, the form of writing "Create" was from when we removed "[How to] Create ...", so it came from a navigation style that's no longer relevant.

>     Using Sphinx, themes and extensions means that your documentation project needs to fetch a set of dependencies,
>     each with a special version.
>     Over time, using an unspecified version means that documentation projects suddenly start breaking.
>     In this guide,
>     you learn how to secure your project against sudden breakage.
>     **This is one of our most popular guides!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Every documentation project has dependencies that are required to build it.
    Using an unspecified versions of these dependencies means that your project can start breaking.
    In this guide,
    learn how to protect your project against breaking randomly.
    **This is one of our most popular guides!**
```

⏩️ :doc:`Search Engine Optimization (SEO) for documentation projects </guides/technical-docs-seo-guide>`
    This article explains how documentation can be optimized to appear in search results,

>     ultimately increasing traffic to your docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    increasing traffic to your docs.
```

Author: ultimately, you always remove that word :smile:  :+1:

> ⏩️ :doc:`Hiding a version and keep its documentation online </guides/hiding-a-version>`
>     Learn how you can keep your entire version history online without overwhelming the reader with version choices in the flyout menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⏩️ :doc:`Hiding a version </guides/hiding-a-version>`
    Learn how you can keep your entire version history online without overwhelming the reader with version choices.
```

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :hidden:

   Deprecating content </guides/deprecating-content>
   Best practices for linking to your documentation </automatic-redirects>

>    Hide a version and keep its documentation online </guides/hiding-a-version>

Reviewer: Confused why only a subset is here?

Author: oh yeah, I added 2 entries from other sections, adding them here, too...
